     Hello there, and thank you for reading the documentation of
BREAK'N OUT 3: HOME WORLD.  I will divide this document into three pieces:
Introduction, Instructions and then the Generic message I put with all my
games.

     The Break'n Out series is the first group of programs I have made
for computers.  I wanted to sell Break'n Out 1, but realized I was being a
jerk by asking for money.  So they're all free.  I have released the full
version of Break'n Out one, with all forty levels and the level editor.
     The story for the series is quite simple.  The next step in human
evolution is taking place.  Thousands of children around the world are
being born genetically superior to their ancestors.  When these advanced
Beings, named Duroids, look at the rest of the human race, they are
disturbed by our ignorance.  Angry at our faults, they decide to test our
intellects by selecting one human and putting him in a life sized maze.
If the man can pass through 40 levels of traps and puzzles in the amount
of time given, humans world wide will be treated as equals.  Fail, and
all of mankind will be eliminated. (I later realized this plot sounds like
what the NAZIs said, but don't worry, I don't feel this way at all, its
just a game.)  They choose you.  You passed through the levels and saved
the world.
     That was Break'n Out 1.  One year later, though, aliens came
to Earth in the spirit of hostility.  The 'advanced humans' had the mental
ability to defeat these invaders, but lacked the experience.  So they
choose you because of the special skills you acquired from your testing.
You single handedly broke into each of the three alien space ships and
destroyed their core.  You had saved the world again.  Thus ended Break'n
Out 2.
     Unfortunately, You were collected onto a large cargo ship along
with the defeated aliens.  Trapped and carried back to the alien home
world unbeknownst to your captors, the world once again called upon you
for salvation.  You must break through a cargo ship and two factories,
destroying everything you see on this strange planet.  This time, there
will be people trying to stop you.  Finally a little action!

     Now you must avoid aliens, fatal traps and oxygen deprivation while
trying to solve the same kind of problems present in the preceding games.
Another difference is the view point.  The other two games were looked at
from a birds eye view.  This game is viewed from the side, allowing for
vertical motion.  Gravity is now a factor.
     Their are ladders in this game, and obviously they are 
used to climb up and down.  You can also fall off edges, but don't worry,
you can fall as far as you want to without getting hurt.  In Break'n Out
2, there were pipes to move you from place to place quickly.  In this
game, there are teleporters.  They beam you from place to place instantly.
When you are beamed to a receiver, you will fall out from under it.
However, when you step onto a receiver, its electromagnetic field holds
you up, allowing you to walk across.  There aren't any wacky doors like in
the first games, but you still have keys and doors.  Only this time, when
you use a key, you loose the key.  The keycards will open any door of the
same color.  Of corse, this game also has bombs.  Fortunately, in this
game the bombs don't hurt you.  They also only detonate in one direction.
When you press <ENTER> and you have a bomb, the bomb window will appear.
A picture of a bomb with three arrows will be displayed.  Use the arrow
keys to select a direction then press <ENTER> again.  If you accidentally
hit <ENTER> before you get to the correct location, simply don't specify
a direction in the bomb window.  Pipes in this game are different from
those in Break'n Out 2.  In this game, you don't fit into the pipes, you
just hand walk across them.  You can also press the down button to let go.
In the first two games, your goal was to exit through the door.  In this
game, it's not that easy.  You don't know where the door is.  First, you
must collect all the energy crystals in the room, and the door will appear.
then, you must exit through it.  You also must collect Oxygen pellets.  If
your oxygen reaches zero for any reason, your game is over.
     That brings us to the issue of death.  Dying is not permanent in
this game, however oxygen deprivation is.  Getting captured by the aliens
or taking a suicide pill only restarts the level.  However, all the oxygen
pellets collected before you died are NOT placed back onto the board.  But
the same goes for the crystals.  You do not forfeit your crystals when you
die, unless you collected them all.  If you have collected all the
crystals, then die, the last crystal collected will be lost and put back
onto the board, and the door re-closed.
     You can die one of two ways: you can take a suicide pill or get
captured by the aliens.  Suicide pills are easy to use.  Just collect one,
then press 'S' if you feel you are stuck.  Sometimes you may get stuck
without a pill, in which case you simply wait there until you run out of 
Oxygen or get captured.  Getting captured is quite simple as well.  In
each level, there are two aliens which will try to hunt you down.  The
aliens, however, are very un-intelligent and weak.  They do not move quite
as fast as you, and if they ever stop moving, they die in a matter of
seconds.  If one alien dies, another instantly appears somewhere else on
the board.  The aliens are also restricted by movement.  They cannot let
go of pipes where you can, and will NEVER pass through teleporters.  They
only try to move directly towards you.  They appear red on the screen, and
you will appear green.
     ***Cheat Codes***   There are cheat codes that I made to help me
test my game, and I have left them in the code for two reasons: 1) I'm a
nice guy and 2) I'm far to lazy to try and remove them all.  All together
there are eight such codes.  To allow cheat functions, you must first type
the letter 'C'.  Then Function keys 1-8 can be used to your advantage.  For
instance, press 'C' then press 'F1' and you become impervious to aliens.
Just press 'F1' again to turn invincibility off.
	Other Keys: Q..........Quit
                    S..........Suicide pill
                    <ENTER>....Set and detonate bombs
                    <SPACE>....Fire weapon (not available in this version)
                    C..........Activate cheat codes

     Hello there fellow Qbasic Programmers!  I'm Eric Davidson, Creator of
KEDJIKEEN.  I'm not much of a typist, so this blurb is attached to each
file. If you've already read it, there's nothing new from here on.
     Well, each programmer has his or her own little rules to make sure
they get credit for their work, but I think mine are a little more relaxed
than most others.  I do NOT want you to pay me for what I did, enjoy it,
have fun but don't dislike my software because there is a price attached.
However, it would be nice to send me an E-mail telling me you like my game
(assuming you do).  That way, I know people care about what I write, so
I'll write more.  Just an E-mail when you find the time, not too steep
huh? Now about copying my code, two words: go ahead!  You don't even have
to give me credit for them in your program OR ask my permission.  It again
would be nice to know you are doing it, so just write in your message that
you may copy some code here or there.  About altering my programs, go
ahead, just leave my name, please.  If you make some cool changes, give
yourself some credit, just leave my name their too.  If you want to give
my programs away, even if you've made some changes, I would love that.  In
fact, don't worry to much about having all these text files included, I
just want people to enjoy my stuff.  I'm starting to write in C++ too, and
maybe you'll see some Kedjikeen games on the net of that nature.  I have
had a lot of fun writing the three Break'n Out games, but I'm sad to say,
there will not be a fourth.  (at least not in Qbasic).
     I like writing these games, and I hope you like to play them or hack
them to bits, which ever, I don't know.  I also like having people know my
name. When you all grow up and become the software production leaders of
the world (Most Qbasic programmers do) you just might remember me when I
ask to get a job in your company. I have to admit, however, that I didn't
choose such a good name to accomplish this goal.  Kedjikeen?  It has no
common meaning, it's hard to spell and most people couldn't pronounce it
even with the oration skills of Mark Antony.  I just like the sound of it.
Have fun with my program, I hope to hear from you soon.
     Business mans note:  If you are interested in my line of products,
and want all the other games I've made, just let me know.  I'll E-mail you
a zip file with all my programs and a small, easy to use installation
program.  Also, let me know if you want the programs compiled to .exe
format or not.
				Hope you like my code,
						Eric Davidson & Kedjikeen.     