                          D I M E N S I O N  M A N 
                           1995 THE S.H. SOFTWORX

TO RUN:
  Type  DMAN   or    QBASIC /RUN DMAN.BAS

NOTE:
  The file HSRESET.BAS resets the high score list. 
  To execute this program type:
        HSRESET  or  QBASIC /RUN HSRESET.BAS 

INTRODUCTION:
  A few monthes a go ago you discoverd how to open gates into other 
  dimensions. It was through using a device modified from your television
  remote control. One day you built up enough nerve to test the device,
  hoping it would take you to a place filled with riches beyond your wildest
  dreams. It took you to a world of riches alright, but you did'nt count
  on ending up in a dark world consisting of strange walls and traps either!
  So far you have no idea how long you've been trapped in this dark world,
  but you know it's been a long time. You are tired for you can never stop
  running, the place has a strange curse. Every time you push that little
  button thats supposed to take you home the device explodes, teleporting
  to yet another twisted realm of the same dimension. You cannot stop
  to rest ever, for the curse drives you mad, compelling you to continue on.
  You realize now you must spend your eternity running tiredly collecting
  the pieces to that rediculous device, hoping one day you'll push the 
  button and be back in your own dimension thinking this was all just a bad
  dream....

OBJECT OF THE GAME:
  At the start of each level the teleport device will explode, and the 
  level will be displayed. You must collect the pieces of the teleport
  device while avoiding walls and traps in order to get to the next level.
  You can collect treasures for extra points, these are pretty obvious
  you'll know them when you see them. There are several helpful items
  that can be picked up to help you on your way. The helpful items are
  described later.

  CONTROLING THE DMAN:
   Tap the cursor LEFT, RIGHT, UP, and DOWN keys (respectively) to change
   DMANS running direction. (do not hold the keys down)

   Press ENTER to use bombs which can blow up walls that block you path.

   Press the SPACE BAR to pause the game
  
   Press ESC to exit game play & return to the title screen.

  COLLECT THE FOLLOWING TREASURES FOR POINTS:
    (These items are quite obvious when you see them)
    
    Silver coins
    Gold coins
    Jewelry(necklaces)
    Gems
    Money Bags   
  
  LIST OF HELPFUL ITEMS:  
    You will know these items when you see them.

    Beer can   - Collect as much beer as you can, each one that you pick up
                 intoxifies you, allowing you to crash through two walls
                 unharmed.

    Magnet     - If you get the magnet the teleport pieces will be drawn to
                 you, instantly teleporting you to the next level.
    
    Smart Bomb - Running over a smart bomb will destroy all of the traps on
                 the screen. It appears as a spinning crome cylinder with a 
                 handle.
    
    Dynamite   - Running over this will destroy all the walls on the screen. 
                 It appears as red dynamite with a pumping box.

    1up        - Gives you an extra life. 


If you like the graphics in this game they were drawn with QBPAINT v4.0
which can be found on AOL.

Problems, Questions, or Comments?   

    Write to:  
    
    The S.H. Softworx
    9549 Hill rd. 
    Klamath Falls, Oregon
    97603


